Gwenevere Abriel: Right there, to the recording. Stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's up, how's my that and you feel me or my favorite all time phrases
Gwenevere Abriel: I tell you a story. When I learned what that meant.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that seems so square, but so funny. I was in felony drug court right and it looks funny my glasses can't see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm the boss. Right. I'm a good boss. I'm real bossy. So I'm the boss. Right, so they coming in. I'm supervising the coming this guy's like, what do you know, let me go to the keys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not. I'm like, I'm little
Gwenevere Abriel: He said across my desk like
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to go to the keys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, to be you know your judges. Like, you know, you do the time you do the crime here and Rock Canyon can go into the keys. You know, I use a lot of joking around and play. Oh, this guy is not feeling it right but I didn't know feeling nothing at that point. But so he does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, what does that mean, what does that mean
Gwenevere Abriel: He wouldn't tell me. He's like, I want to go the keys.
Gwenevere Abriel: As well. You can go to the keys.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just have to mention it next month when you go to court.
Yeah, I'm not feeling I feel
Daniel Guerrero: Like, I don't know.
Daniel Guerrero: What
Gwenevere Abriel: You did not
Gwenevere Abriel: So I had to talk to other clients and other people to understand what is this man saying to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I use it every day all day, you feel me
Young
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, and what I learned from from this program is a snap. I snap to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I snapped to it. You use that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mo, I understand it. I, it occurred to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember I snapped to it. I was like, Oh, I love that phrase, too. I love that one. I snap to it.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, that's tough to you over here.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, yeah. There's the lingo is two different, two different worlds.
Daniel Guerrero: That country to this country is two different worlds.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I like it. I love language. I like like the stuff I bring I like you know what psychology brings a free some fancy words and I just like I like just want to use them all.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, I get that.
It's fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know it's always shocking for people that will say something, because I don't look like I would say it, but
How are you doing over there, you
Daniel Guerrero: Know, just, uh,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, just taking it day by day in here so far so
Daniel Guerrero: I've been doing okay you know just struggling
Daniel Guerrero: With just home employment thing, you know.
Daniel Guerrero: I kind of feel like I'm back in the corner, you know, because
Daniel Guerrero: I have I have so many responsibilities and I live paycheck to paycheck and these responsibilities rely on that paycheck to paycheck, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to you about this, remember I was telling you about your PL calling the PO and saying, do you have a list.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh yeah, I called them. And we're like, well, you can come into the office. They know there's some
Daniel Guerrero: On the wall know we have some okay no resources that you can look for, you know, some employment. But other than that, we don't have anything here. You know, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Now the list that's on the wall.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this legit, or are they just blowing smoke up, you know what, like is there really a list there.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah. You know, I think there's like a list, you know, if you know work like it to Goodwill. You know, there's a goodwill number and website you can get on there.
Daniel Guerrero: And there's
Daniel Guerrero: Of course you know all the local brands, you know, Taco Bell McDonald's, Burger King.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard something else to
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I can't remember it verbatim, but it was something like this. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think it was
Gwenevere Abriel: mobile home construction. It was this organization was hiring.
Gwenevere Abriel: felons with their record older than seven years.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't remember.
Yours was
Daniel Guerrero: Mine, mine was a it's well I caught the charge in 2010 may of 2010 but I didn't get initially charged until August 13
Daniel Guerrero: So that makes the felony just under seven years old.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, when I got when I caught the felony. It's been over 10 years but because I didn't get sentence that year. It kind of kind of puts her. That's another thing. Yeah, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I was thinking about you when I heard this person say it because I'm constantly listening. It's not my place to take information that's not offered and share it with another if someone does offer it though I'll certainly pass it along to you.
Or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just even hearing that I'm passing it along to you because like some of the people that are under some sort of supervision status. Their POS yeah goodwill is one of them. And I'm pretty sure
Gwenevere Abriel: The race. I can camera friend who was told dollars an hour or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was between 10 and $12 I can't remember how much it was and it was it was good. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: But this one, this one, this mobile home construction. I think it was mobile home construction. I was like, I was thinking about you.
Daniel Guerrero: I appreciate that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh gosh, she's moving and grooving um
Daniel Guerrero: That's something that's something that I like to do, you know, I like, I like to work outside. You know, like to work hard, you know, so
Daniel Guerrero: Especially this time, you know, it's starting, you know, summer times come in, you know, we're in the middle of the spring right now and everything's just starting to come out and you know works going to start picking up but
Daniel Guerrero: You know the downfall of that is that you know come wintertime that that outside work and how that it slows down.
Daniel Guerrero: And so that's where I put myself in a position to where do I want where I can work all the time, or do I want to go get something seasonal and then have to worry about the winner, you know, and so
Daniel Guerrero: For me, it's kind of hard. You know, like yesterday for an example. You know, I had, I had a job interview at another place.
Daniel Guerrero: But the place that was going to be interviewing me. You know, they were they were only offering me 30 to 35 hours a week, you know, they wanted to bring me and, you know, just like a team member of Coke, whatever you want to call it. Yeah, and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, right now, I just, I just can't afford to lose that dollar and I can't afford to lose you know there's 20 hours it dollar 20 hours is a lot for me, you know, it's a lot to lose.
Daniel Guerrero: When considering you know I'm I have seven kids in my house, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, my wife and I know we're doing the damnedest that we can do to stay above water and we're doing it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys are like working magic without money, I'm serious. Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: And we're doing it.
And
Daniel Guerrero: So, you know, I just answer the grace of God that we're able to do this and but i just i just want more, you know, I want
Daniel Guerrero: It. I don't, I'm not trying to, like, not in a green sense, but in the sense, I just want to be comfortable to that, you know, not having a live paycheck to paycheck anymore where I can be like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I got a couple extra hundred bucks in case I need it, you know, in a position that in the position that I am in
Daniel Guerrero: If one example. If my car breaks down or something, then I'm not paying one of my bills. I'm fixing my car because it's the way we go back and forth to work. Yep.
Daniel Guerrero: Instead of instead of us instead of it being. Oh, that's okay, because I have this extra three or $400 put up and I can use that and, you know, still pay my bills and just read, you know, add back into that money because what I want I initially wanted to do was
Daniel Guerrero: Well, for my my income tax. I wanted to
Daniel Guerrero: Like put $500 into a savings and then every time I check was deposited. I wanted to put
Daniel Guerrero: Five 5% of what my check was deposited into that account.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, but
Daniel Guerrero: I behind on
Daniel Guerrero: On tell us support because I went to prison. So, child support to my home complex. I mean, he took every bit of it.
Daniel Guerrero: And so that kind of ruined things for me and
Daniel Guerrero: But I just didn't get it because I'm on time right now as I speak as we speak. I have not missed to help a child support payment.
Daniel Guerrero: For almost a year now it's been since June of last year that
Daniel Guerrero: I've been paying child support, and they just continue to add on to adding on all these fields there that they can do and probably better than most people out there that are on child support.
Daniel Guerrero: And I'm not saying that I am, but I think that I'm doing a pretty good job of, you know, staying current with them.
Daniel Guerrero: And like I said, it's doing my job again because it's being garnished down to my check. So I depend on
Daniel Guerrero: Those responsibilities so much and this
Daniel Guerrero: Is like I said, I just feel like I'm you know I'm backed up in a corner swinging and I'm not winner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this is an opportunity for you to talk about what feeling backed up in the corner is because these are the moments.
That test.
Your recovery.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe you don't want to share that with your wife, maybe you don't want to kind of share your fear around what it's like to be backed in this corner where you're feeling like you've only got a couple of options.
Gwenevere Abriel: So once you tell me how it's getting well
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: It's not really that bad.
Daniel Guerrero: Because like I said, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: We might be in deep water, but we're staying up we're staying above the water so
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, at this point, the only thing that can get worse is, you know, not having a job because you know I'm doing okay.
Daniel Guerrero: It's just the whole point that being backed up in this corner that I'm talking about is that
Daniel Guerrero: No, I just, I just want more for for my kids. I just want to be able to do more, you know, for them.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I have a daughter, she's going to be. I have one daughter.
Daniel Guerrero: just graduated, she was. She should have graduated. This year, you know, but I thank God that she got a full scholarship
Daniel Guerrero: To Abilene Christian University, you know, she got a full. A full scholarship to, you know, go to school there for nursing
Daniel Guerrero: So that, so that was really good, you know, she's got really good grades and stuff, you know, but you know how. And then my next daughter, it's coming up, you know, she's, she's going to be a junior that she's going to be a senior
Daniel Guerrero: And then she's going to be going to college and I, I want to, I want to be able to provide for her why she goes to college and, you know, get an education. And then, you know, prepare for her future. I just don't feel like I can do it where I'm at, you know, because I'm asking myself.
Daniel Guerrero: Where am I going to be at in five years with this company right you know and and it's something I asked my boss, you know, like, where do you see me in five years working at this company, you know, and it's just like
Daniel Guerrero: Well, I see, I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get another perspective, because I think you're feeling the corner the traps nervous. Okay. I think you're feeling all of that. Let's bring us back to the stuff that was getting you feeling optimistic. Let's go back to them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was this let me let me remind you of some of the things you've said.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to get my GED and education.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will call CCC and Clovis and see if they have daytime classes. Want to know the cost and schedule and if they're flexible. I want to be my own boss.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you had gotten the CCC placement testing was going to be some time on
Daniel Guerrero: I think it was actually
Daniel Guerrero: It was actually supposed to be on the 31st. It was supposed to have been Tuesday or whenever the 31st was Monday, whatever 30
Gwenevere Abriel: Down the 30th. But what happened.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, they called me and they rescheduled I get I guess this this whole coronavirus is
Daniel Guerrero: Just completely shut down.
Daniel Guerrero: A lot of Clovis, you know, for an example like goodwill is not open
Daniel Guerrero: Some banks are not open. There are some establishment.
Daniel Guerrero: That are dying in only establishment. They're not open
Daniel Guerrero: And so
Daniel Guerrero: And closed Community College is one of those establishment. So it's not open or business.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what you may not know is that they have you gone back online and see if they reset their, their platform to virtual
Gwenevere Abriel: Testing that's easy to do virtual placement testing all they do is set you up. You just complete the testing. They may have something online now or
Gwenevere Abriel: under construction. Do you know what I'm trying to say like they might be everybody schools. My kids are up in the house, going to school too because they can't go anywhere. So maybe they're shifting gears my college students are online.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when was the last time you checked to see if they're if they're in the works. Trying to get that placement testing. So you don't have to lock in on for in person.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I'm gonna be honest with you, I haven't
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: I just, I wanted to be honest man like I felt like it's just another closed door. You know, like, I know that because and because it feels that way.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm like, Damn, you know, I was going to try to do something positive. And, you know, closed door, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: But I try not to let it. I try not to stay there. Yummy. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess what it although you're the one feeling the impact of that closed door you know 300 people also felt that close to our
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not personal. It's not about you. This whole planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: isn't about you. This is an opportunity for you to change the meaning of that closed door and say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: And this. This is the hard stuff. This is where you The Testament of where is my conviction in this corner where I feel trapped, will I stay here. Keep feeding that negative appraisal like
Gwenevere Abriel: My life is always going to be like this. I'm stuck with this and keep feeding it feeding feeding it or do you shift and go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: I did some dope shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've heard people I broke the law.
Gwenevere Abriel: On paying for it, not just because of this felony that's sitting on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Karma has stacked up and you don't go to shame. This is it. This is the hard part. We don't go to shame you just say
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't know who setting this up. I don't know how they proportion out the punishment or whatever in this universe. But, uh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's what this is. I'm not God. I'm not the one delving this stuff out. I'm not dishing it out. But you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe this is part of the balancing don't know. So I'm going to have to wait it out and I either self sabotage and throw my hands up in the air and say forget about college with these kids. I don't want. Think about it, or you stay in the fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you look at it and say it's three years for the Sony drops off right
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, three years, dude, I've been a bright heart. It'll be three years in June. And when somebody asked me, how long you been working with them. I'm like one. Oh, wait, wait a minute, I gotta go look it up, it feels that fast.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, okay. And it's just like, and I'm glad you bring that up because it's like I already been home for almost a year. We're in April.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Um,
Daniel Guerrero: Next month, next month I'll be home a year already and
Daniel Guerrero: And from where I came from, you know, in this past year.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I went I went from first walking then riding a bike to now I have a vehicle, you know, yes, you know, and so, and not only just one vehicle have to, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: And then we moved into this different house because when my wife was on her own, you know, she was struggling, you know, so she could, she was only into what she was able to afford because of my absence.
Daniel Guerrero: But today is, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, I just, I just think we're such a good team because, you know, we, you know, we're able to put our differences aside, you know, to decide what works better, you know, and it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Amazing. You're so fortunate
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I just tell you how few people have that alongside having to deal with being you know in this sort of shelter status at home can't work car just broke down their kid has has his second needs to be taken to the hospital. They don't want to go. I mean, back to back to back.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where we really the recovery, the commitment to the recovery really gets tested and you happen to have someone that joins you in this journey and problem solves with you. You are very fortunate we really
Daniel Guerrero: I really appreciate that. And you know, we, and I mean don't get it twisted. You know what I mean, like, we do have, you know, we have some heated moments, you know. But who does not
Daniel Guerrero: And you know, it's like, as I was telling my wife yesterday, I was like, man, I said, we're just like every American out there except we live paycheck to paycheck with debt, you know, and as
Daniel Guerrero: Well, because like I'm looking at my bank account right and I'm like damn were $225 overdrawn, you know, she's like, it's okay. You know, it's okay because there's Americans out there that are millions of dollars overdrawn
That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and and by the way he Middle America right middle class are living paycheck to paycheck to. It's just that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Their check is more their mortgages more their car payment camp College, they're still living paycheck to paycheck the feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Of it, this could all fall apart. This can all dissolve next month, you're not alone. It just happens to be right that income brackets lower but if they're still feeling that same thing, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we have a standard of living that meets our income, we just keep Oh wow, I can afford this. And then there. We all went no money in the bank again.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah. You know, it's funny that you say that because, you know, I got this little thing. It's like comfort cost, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And so
Daniel Guerrero: You know, when the kids are like, and Danica we don't have no money. I'm like comfort cost, you know, look what you have, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, this is what the money is paying for, you know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm pulling this up just because we was talking earlier and I am and it already in the
Daniel Guerrero: Headline it'll come back again.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the Corbin 19 update
Daniel Guerrero: They've got these cute little
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll see it, love it even has coronavirus update you see that
Daniel Guerrero: And you're gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to see an update come through here in a second. Um, hopefully, but it was the very first thing I saw
Gwenevere Abriel: When I logged in here and here. Oh, I'm not going to wait for, I don't want to get. I want to just show you. So let's go look to see where it says please click. There it is. You see it. Bam.
Daniel Guerrero: Update.
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is. So they're already on point, they're paying attention. So let's go look at placement testing you see this third button right here.
Daniel Guerrero: Placement
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go see what says the CCC testing center will help students take accurate place or accurate place to help new students get placed up students can also use their act or essay T score of
Gwenevere Abriel: Scores in place of Accu place or submit all official transcripts or score reports to blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just see if they have any updates. So don't see an update. So let me just look under current logo update here. Let's see. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So at Clovis, we understand that the opponent, the pandemic has created unprecedented challenges for you and your families.
Gwenevere Abriel: The administration hopes that you're doing well and taking care of yourselves. All right, so get to it. Please leadership understands
Gwenevere Abriel: Blah, blah, we recognize many questions. Huh, please visit our corporate 19 protocol web page for update information students for frequently asked questions, click here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I got questions. All right.
Daniel Guerrero: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do we do the accurate place place or online. That's my question. Is that your question.
Daniel Guerrero: Is no
Gwenevere Abriel: No. So I'm thinking. So will I be able to complete. Look at this. Will I be able to complete my classes this semester. When will the spring semester end. Absolutely. The spring semester ends may 15 and CCC has worked hard to move as much instruction as possible to online.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if I don't have the means to take the courses, can I check out a computer to do my course. Where can I go if I need tutoring. Can I still obtained services from their library. Can I graduate one. Let's see something
Daniel Guerrero: He
Gwenevere Abriel: Will the testing center be open on campus for testing.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to comply with the governor's orders and to ensure the safety of everyone, blah, blah, blah. Testing Center will not be open, students are encouraged to contact Marcus Smith at blah, blah, blah. And the Academic Advising
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, look at that. We just got something you want to write that number down
Gwenevere Abriel: Marcus Smith.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Daniel Guerrero: Don't know who that is calling me
Gwenevere Abriel: Making it a little bigger.
Daniel Guerrero: All right. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go. Make it in blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and our CEOs Marcus.
Smith.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's in the CCC testing center. He is a non starter. He's in Academic Advising he's in the academic advising department Marcus Smith at 575-769-4014 769 4014 area code 575
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you want to email him. It looks like you got Smith.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Mike Murray.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Smith and like market marcus@clovis.edu
Gwenevere Abriel: Smith em@clovis.edu
Gwenevere Abriel: And then if you want to know about financial. Do you want to see the financial atheists.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, honestly. No, because they told me that, um, that the GED is free.
Sweet.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, that's what I said. I was like, she's like to take the GED. It's free.
Gwenevere Abriel: So look at this will CCC be hosting any additional activities events or services such as tax help or GED preparation during this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it says in order to comply with the orders social distancing services outside of all the love and cancelled for additional information, call the Help Desk write this one down, just in case looks like a general number
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Help Desk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down here 575-769-4969 that's look somebody a general one that'd be handy to have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Because, wouldn't it be nice to be occupying your mind getting this sheet Ed done when you've got time to make this time go by faster. Right. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And things that might interest you in here, automotive technology behavior science, business industry computer information cosmetology criminal justice early childhood education emergency medical medical fine arts General Studies. It's all kinds of stuff in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Health care healthcare Industrial Technology liberal arts nursing paralegal any physical therapists Radiological Technology welding
Daniel Guerrero: Kinda like
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Daniel Guerrero: Mechanics I'm I see what
Was
Gwenevere Abriel: The first one
Daniel Guerrero: Right automotive technology. I kind of liked that, you know, because i think i think i can be, you know, pretty good working under the under a motor know
Gwenevere Abriel: I do too.
Daniel Guerrero: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: When we always always always even right now you're in as that's an essential work. So you want consistency even right now under the governor's orders you still, we have to have our cars working. So you'd still be working
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean. So this is, this is what you'd be studying it goes into it right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you be able to work towards looks like an ASE, I don't know what that is a certification run
Gwenevere Abriel: And then meeting standards toward a Masters accreditation. That's exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Degrees Associate of Applied Science and amount of automotive technology, sort of a Kate certificate of completion in na na na na, so you'd be learning all these cool things.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you want to know more. It looks like this dude up call Blair is your point person on that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, so you take the classes that you would actually contribute to this certification and to this a associates degree.
Daniel Guerrero: And I'm sure these are just all numbers at the college right so we'd had to, I would have to call
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah 575
Daniel Guerrero: Well, got it.
Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: program completion date. You want to know when so automotive technology full time occupational technology program that allows students to complete and just three semesters and the summer.
Daniel Guerrero: That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, you have that done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Monday through Thursday 7am to 1215 students can start in either the Fall or Spring.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I got to tell you something, if this was online, you could be doing it at five in the morning, you know, that's why I'm thinking the timing on this thing. Bad right because you could still be working, you could squeeze in, you might lose out on some sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you could be
Doing this
Gwenevere Abriel: You could be doing it online when nobody else is sleeping and you're knocking this out.
Right.
Daniel Guerrero: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's not messing with with your work.
Daniel Guerrero: So that's a really good idea. You know I never really thought you know too much into all that
Daniel Guerrero: But it was me up different outlook on you know some goals to set
Daniel Guerrero: Because at the end of the day, you know, my goals are to you know make sure I provide for my family and just be well off, and I'm
Daniel Guerrero: Not always told my life, you know, I think, a pretty pretty good mechanic. If I can just, you know, put myself to it you know just how funny that that we're looking at this and all this pops up so
Daniel Guerrero: That obviously the lottery is not helping you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, we're just a bunch of worker bees. You know, we got to work right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How bad is it getting. Are you having cravings. I kind of need to check in on the severity of the negative thinking
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I just like
Daniel Guerrero: You don't think I don't think I'm I don't know if it's if it's cravings, but I just like sometimes I feel myself, you know, taken just an extra piece, you know, I don't know if it's like just covering the crave or not.
Daniel Guerrero: And I'm not talking to a full strip before film, I'm talking like maybe another half
Daniel Guerrero: You know I get myself going in the daytime. You know, you know, feeling good feeling energetic
Daniel Guerrero: Know, getting focused
Daniel Guerrero: And there towards the end of the day, I'm just like,
Daniel Guerrero: It's not. Not too bad. Like, I'm thinking that maybe I should go know do something different. I just
Daniel Guerrero: Guys just take another another piece of that stripped and it's just like
Daniel Guerrero: No, I don't know if it's, I don't know if it's cravings. I don't know if it's if it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel after you take it out in a second. How do you feel after you take another piece of that struck
Daniel Guerrero: You know, just just you know right back in, you know, just right back in it. You know, I don't know if I'm just a bit become independent, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about in it. I don't know. This is where you know I love to play with words. But right now I'm going to be
Daniel Guerrero: One of those picky.
Gwenevere Abriel: People I need to know what you mean by I feel like I'm right back in it. What are you back in right then.
Daniel Guerrero: You know right back into my job, you know, because like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I take it in the morning. And so when I go to work. It's already the afternoon, almost, you know, go to, I go when I go to work at a at 230
Daniel Guerrero: So, about seven o'clock, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I'm starting to get this down here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on. Stay right there. This is important stuff down shift is a metaphor I want to know how your body feels. Let's start with that. Tell me what you feel.
Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm not gonna say, I feel like
Daniel Guerrero: Like bad or anything.
Daniel Guerrero: I just
Daniel Guerrero: More like a like a downshift I'm just like, I'm gonna, I don't know if I'm just like coming down off of it or
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's kind of this differently. So notice you're still trying to globally describe it. Good day, bad day down shift up shift. But that aside.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know. Let's we'll do a scan.
Gwenevere Abriel: At about seven o'clock at night. Is there anything going on in your head in your up in this part of your body.
Daniel Guerrero: Yes. Okay. How about
Gwenevere Abriel: From your stomach up
Gwenevere Abriel: No stomach down into your guts your bells. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Legs.
Daniel Guerrero: No I'm not, I'm not getting any any of
Gwenevere Abriel: Skin
Daniel Guerrero: Or you know there for a while was getting real dry skin, but nothing like crazy. But what I'm saying. But what I'm, what I'm trying to say is, is
Daniel Guerrero: I get I guess it's like because
Daniel Guerrero: Because the way I'm using it is in the morning, like, you know, Dr embryos, you know, told me the way to take it whenever I first started talking to her.
Daniel Guerrero: She told me make sure I take both rooms in the morning.
Daniel Guerrero: And it's supposed to last, you know, all the way. And by the end of the night.
Daniel Guerrero: You're supposed to be at this coming down is supposed to drag you
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and I'm and I'm guessing that's what I'm getting I'm just, I'm just getting this like tired sense of night, ah, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And so I take another half another piece of that strip and it's just it brings me back up to level two, where I, you know, can finish my job get home, take a shower know You ready for bed. Okay.
What time
Gwenevere Abriel: What time of the morning. Are you taking your dough.
Daniel Guerrero: I usually I usually take about eight o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what are you doing from 8am to about 10am
Daniel Guerrero: I'm gonna be honest, I'm just working
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, what are you doing
Daniel Guerrero: When I'm at home I when I'm at home, you know, helping out around the house cleaning doing laundry 15 for the kids.
Daniel Guerrero: Cleaning up the dishes, you know, picking up the house and you know or or in the morning. Sometimes I run a lot of errands, you know, take my mother in law. Here, take my wife to work, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Go to the grocery store, go to Walmart do that.
Daniel Guerrero: And then it two o'clock. I go to work. I'm there to nine like last night, I get off work till 930
Daniel Guerrero: About tonight I'll be at work until 10 so on Thursday, Friday, and Saturdays. I'm home. I mean, I'm at work from two to 10
Daniel Guerrero: AND THEN SUNDAY, I'm off. But you know what I find myself.
Daniel Guerrero: On Sunday when I take it.
Daniel Guerrero: I only take it the one time and
Daniel Guerrero: I let it just because it's like a day to chill. You know, like I just find myself relaxing.
Daniel Guerrero: And I chill. You know this. I just don't. I just don't know if it's just all if I'm just doing too much too many activities that you know drown myself out and I'm using this to
Daniel Guerrero: You know to be a lifter again.
Daniel Guerrero: So let's minute
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one, let me give you some props.
Gwenevere Abriel: For even entertaining the idea right you're looking at it. You're it's you're hesitant to say it, but you're you're dipping your toe into I'm wonder if this is the same old, same old addictive behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're dipping your toe you dancing a little bit around it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, we're talking about it. You're, you're initiating the conversation. And that's very brave of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just sit with that for a second. You could have omitted, which means not tell me what you're brave.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not only all of this distress going on income feeling trapped in the corner kind of this stuff going on with with the you know the governor's orders to, you know, all the nonsense with the virus.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're working at recovery program while this is all going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and that's only naming a couple of your challenges you have
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot on your plate. Almost every domain of your life, you have a challenge.
Gwenevere Abriel: And on top of all of that you come to me and you say, I'm keeping myself in check. I'm telling someone I'm telling my therapist, I might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Using my subs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Same way, I use short acting opiate and
Daniel Guerrero: And yeah, and I agree with that 100%, you know, because I mean that's how I was when I was taking pills, man. I just, you know, a couple pills, you know, or you know oxy
Daniel Guerrero: oxy and a half know to get going.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: Two in the morning. No three at lunch.
Daniel Guerrero: No in the afternoon, another one and a half know just to finish out the night
Daniel Guerrero: Sometimes, you know, and if I couldn't find odysseys. I was taking Percocet, or I was taking hydrocodone and they're not as strong. So I'm taking 10 and 12
Daniel Guerrero: Of those a day instead of, you know, two or three or four
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: I know it's just the addictive personality. I'm seeing it, you know, and
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to stay right there for a minute. What are you hearing me give you praise You smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's letting that in
Gwenevere Abriel: Just now, because you do know you can be slick and not tell me right
There's no
Gwenevere Abriel: You like you didn't have to tell me
Daniel Guerrero: What you
Gwenevere Abriel: There's must be some part of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That wants to heal wants to really recover from this chemical dependence.
Gwenevere Abriel: There must be some part of you that thinks I can live without this stuff. I can find myself again. I'm guessing there's
Gwenevere Abriel: There's some parking lots that
Daniel Guerrero: Are you know it's like I told my wife, the other day, man. I like
Daniel Guerrero: I like Man, it's just like, I almost wish that I was a kid again.
Daniel Guerrero: Because, you know, when I was a kid, you know, it's just like I was I was still responsible, you know, I'm starting to see them.
Daniel Guerrero: Traits come back, you know, as you know, as, like I said, I've been home for a year, almost. And in that year. You know, I've, you know, I've become
Daniel Guerrero: more responsible than I ever have been I i've never been out. I've never been out for a year and not gone back to Joe like on a probation violation or have not gone back to jail on driving on revocation or not going back to Jill on just something
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: For the call.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, for the past for the past 12 years I've been in and out of jail at least twice, three or four times a year or even prison.
Daniel Guerrero: And I haven't, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: This hasn't happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it didn't happen magically it's because of your conscious effort.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're looking very hard to make this
Gwenevere Abriel: Happen.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, and that's exactly right. Because, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: My, my kids are getting older man and I have I have younger kids that you know I
Daniel Guerrero: I seen them grow up in pictures you know in prison. That's not cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the things that are keeping you
From
Gwenevere Abriel: Are keeping you
Gwenevere Abriel: From going back inside.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming it's stuff like I want to see my kids grow up.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else you tell me
Daniel Guerrero: Um, you know what my marriage to work. You know that
Daniel Guerrero: That's important to me, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Know, and I just, I just want to be able to do it out here you know and and look back you know 1020 years and be like, it's possible, because I did it. You know, you know, being, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I know, I know. You remember way back when we're talking about giving back. You know, I want to, I want to be able to be a, you know, motivational speaker, you know, for for somebody you know who's going through what I'm going through and I can relate. Look, bro.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, let me show you how this is going to work, which you're going to have to
Daniel Guerrero: You know, make some sacrifices and some changes were to work. You know, you just wouldn't happen overnight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today's April 2
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You're acknowledging. It's been a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: To stay out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Using motivation of
Gwenevere Abriel: I want my marriage to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else
Daniel Guerrero: Um, you know, just
Daniel Guerrero: Just being able to provide for my kids, you know, feels good, because I stopped and I have never done.
Daniel Guerrero: No, you can wait.
Daniel Guerrero: So,
Daniel Guerrero: That's that's really important for me know
Daniel Guerrero: Let's be honest. That's quite like the main thing right now that that's working for me because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it feels good to know that if they can depend on me. It feels good.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, for them to be like, Hey, Dad, I need this or can we get that and, you know, of course, I first, you know, given bullshit. You know, like, Nah, you really don't need that.
Daniel Guerrero: Second really help you know and I'm like, all right, you know, and it feels good. It feels good to do that kind of stuff. No, I mean it's it, you know, and it's just like, you know, like little crap you know that
Daniel Guerrero: That makes them feel important. And it makes me feel good, you know, they're not getting involved in what they're involved in, you know, like
Daniel Guerrero: It's just little stuff, you know, I, my kids. They love to watch this new things called Tick tock. You know, they're always sharing these videos with me and you know so I get involved with them, you know, I sit there and watch it with them.
Daniel Guerrero: Are just just whatever the case may be, you know, it's just
Daniel Guerrero: That's what keeps me out. That's what keeps me in line.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, well then you can see how closely the importance of having an income is to you because right behind that is real. I like this feeling of providing and being able to give my children what they need and want
Gwenevere Abriel: So money. That's why we spent the first half of this discussion about it and we're back to it again. It's important to you. So when you're when you're telling me I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Using more than what is prescribed on my medicine bottle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you. This is your first. I think your first real recovery program so words like self medicating although you may have heard it once or twice. It may still feel a little wobbly. Like, what's she talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the same thing. You're engaging in addictive behavior. Now I don't have a moral judgment about that there's just going to be a consequence. That's just the way it works. If I use more than is prescribed. I'm going to run out.
Daniel Guerrero: Right. And it and it's up to don't fear in you know because I don't want to. I don't want to put myself in a position where I'm like,
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm going to disagree.
Gwenevere Abriel: With those same people now they know where I live now I'm back with that now I'm starting to
Daniel Guerrero: Think
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I can make some extra money in it, you're back in it again.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, and that's something that, you know, like me, personally.
Daniel Guerrero: I'd be damned if I go down that road, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're going, you're on it.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I know that and that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we just, you can stop today and get back on the road, you want to be on. It's just that simple, simple for me to say but difficult to do. I want to talk to you about a couple of things I want to talk to you about
Gwenevere Abriel: We all get tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get tired humans get tired using your brain, the way are you are working so hard every single day humans get tired you have been asking of your human body more effort than maybe is reasonable.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe it's not about
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's 930 at night. I shouldn't be tired Yeah, you should be
Gwenevere Abriel: I know your attention is divided
Gwenevere Abriel: But
This is offering
Daniel Guerrero: Alone just even toward
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, once you say a proper goodbye. So I get your full attention on this. This is no
Daniel Guerrero: She's gone.
Daniel Guerrero: She's out in the garage in the car. Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: These are real, like I'm keeping it real. It is self medicating behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may run out there will be a consequence you might decide, you know what I'm going to run a game on Bret Hart health. I'm going to tell them. Someone stole it. I'm going to tell them something I'm going to blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've heard it all went
Gwenevere Abriel: To bed so sad. You're going to be stuck days without it. Now, that's not the whole truth the truth could be you go pay out of pocket for it at CVS, but that's expensive.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yes, the prescription might be there, the physician might write it and as sitting there, but now that money that you are giving them for those
Gwenevere Abriel: That cool toy those cool shoes, those things that you wanted that joy that you get from getting to your children, your addiction got fed
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can understand
Daniel Guerrero: Daniel
Gwenevere Abriel: All get tired, you may have been asking too much of yourself to begin with, as far as energy goes
Gwenevere Abriel: So a couple of things can play with Play with this maybe talking with your prescribing physician about well what would happen if I didn't. If I took it at 1030 in the morning. Instead, what if I did laundry, which takes very little cognitive effort. I don't really have to be that great.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Laundry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could be just like
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can be a zombie from eight to 10 take that at 10 then that's going into my last those two hours, get me to 930 and frankly, we're supposed to be tired at 930
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is the irrational thinking, I am not allowed to be tired. That's that I'm a provider mentality. I'm a man. I'm not supposed to be tired. I gotta, I gotta be hundred percent all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not 100% nobody is that's the part that needs to change. You're going to be tired. So what because someone said you're not doing a good job, or is that coming from you.
Daniel Guerrero: Know, just like that, um,
Daniel Guerrero: Me personally, I think I've raised my standards, you know, because because of where I'm at, you know, you make some really good points. And I want to take these and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, first of all, I don't
Daniel Guerrero: I wanted, I wanted, I wanted to be able to know it soon be able to start coming off of these and you know be at a new normal. You know, like we talked about in a group, you know, and the new normal.
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: That's why I was able, you know, to talk about this and so
Daniel
Daniel Guerrero: I know this is hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got it. You've got what it takes. I can tell you, you have done more difficult things you have faced probably life fret threatening encounters with people in your life.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being tired being tired. If you use your rational mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is not life threatening. In the moment you think it is, it's perceived threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, because you run it through all my lose my house. I will lose respect to my children, it'll feel like that in the moment. That's where you're gonna have to remember you and your commitment to recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: The old way of thinking that I am how much money I have in my pocket that old way of thinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's got to fade away.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to get to the point, not, not today because you're you're doing the self medicating that's informing our work together. So we're going to work on that part. We're going to get. We're going to make whatever shift is needed.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you can say to yourself, I'm enough. I'm enough people want to turn tired and don't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can get this done because my commitment to my recovery. My family, my values is so much stronger. Look what I've done this year I'm out, I'm out in the community. This is great.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did this.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is one night at a time.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you get that groove when you really see you know what I've been asking that I need to be really like, you know, high energy so that I'm charming and I'm entertaining and and I can get this work done. Maybe I've been asking something unreasonable of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe nobody can do that. We can't stay high energy all day long. That's not how the body works. We have circadian rhythms. It wants you to go to sleep, you might be pushing yourself too hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've been doing that a long time.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you know, I'm not trying to tell you, don't, don't take care of family and no you know not saying that I'm saying sometimes we just have to show up dead tired.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: No.
Daniel Guerrero: No, and I and I agree with that 100%. No, it's
Daniel Guerrero: You know it has to
Daniel Guerrero: You know, come down on level, you know. Because if not, you know, it's going to get out of control, you know. And that's not something that I'm
Daniel Guerrero: I think I
Daniel Guerrero: Don't think I'm willing to do that, you know, because
Daniel Guerrero: I know
Daniel Guerrero: How to control you know it's not good. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look how close it is. I mean, you do see how quick it went
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm on day three without it. I didn't tell when I don't want to tell the physician. I don't want to spend money picking it up. Oh, you are sweating throwing up diarrhea bones bacon. What are you going to do
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't go to work like that. Or can you and now what are you gonna do now, you now you're adding voice inside is like, look, you know what you got to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got the authentic the loving spiritual Daniel has to fight back at the voice of addiction and say, We cannot
Gwenevere Abriel: Use
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside of was prescribed on the bottle. I don't want to hear it. You've got to literally in your mind when when it says you can take a little bit more say no. I also can't sell it. I also can't give it to a friend, I cannot divert that medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna follow the law.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, it's like why
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, this you fighting for your recovery for that life you want
Daniel Guerrero: You know, that's important to me to, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you see that when you took a little more. There was a decision of what's more important.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna mess with my recovery, a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to be without energy
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just went up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, I can't. And so recovery drop down we tell you what happened when recovery is not in the forefront of your mind like every day. I've got a standpoint.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I doing the next right thing. So the next right thing happens these other things that you care about being able to ride for your family being able to look your children right in the eye and say, Tell the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can manage your anger your fear your anxiety and your sadness, you can handle it without drinking without smoking weed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without doing a drug, you've got what it takes to handle your life, you can look them in the eye and honestly telling them, you're going to get there, but can you do that today.
Daniel Guerrero: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I can never tell whether it's sort of my imagination that I think these are the things you want, but sometimes you'll talk to me about sort of wanting to sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Align more spiritually and sort of with those beliefs and really wanting this this vision of a life that you didn't have when you were a kid and I think you're working very hard at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a relapse can literally start getting set up a year in advance. It's that slow. It's slippery. One day, it's this. What's the big fuss when I took one 16th more. What's your frickin problem, right, you might be saying, lay off.
Daniel Guerrero: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I'm just saying. That's how I talk to me. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So, and I, I can hear it. I know it's not you. I know it's the attic talking to me, defending itself justifying itself. But I'm talking to Daniel, the one that talks about the love he has for His children.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the trauma traumatic childhood. He had and how he wants to change your generation. It happens one day at a time where you face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being tired and you are still a man you are still a good person who's tired, who's working a difficult recovery program has chemically dependent on some and and you're kicking ass. You're doing great. But it does mean you're gonna be a little tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm also saying, What if we shifted. When you take it just you, same amount of medicine just moving it forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit because of your work schedule and maybe it means you tell your family. Listen, I'll be sort of Joe's or drowsy don't become an army at eight o'clock in the morning, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, you know what I'm going to be honest, I never thought about putting that into, you know, I'm just like, Oh, gotta take it this time that ticket at this time, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That the doctor said, take it every day. But so you can take what I'm saying, because I'm not a physician, you can take what I'm saying.
Daniel Guerrero: It makes me. Yeah, no.
Daniel Guerrero: No. Why am I getting up at eight o'clock in the morning. I want to sleep in Tristan, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm saying
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but you see it right. It's like the message is the on the message is be consistent.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all it's taken at that she's saying, take it at the same time every day. So you might just take it at
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 o'clock every day. That's all the differences. It means it moves it up a little bit. So maybe maybe doing that and see if you like the outcome.
Daniel Guerrero: Now you know something I want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it like to tell me. Here we are with 60 seconds. I know that's not much time. But what was it like to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: I was taking a little piece.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm
Daniel Guerrero: Kind of, you know, I'll be honest with you, maybe just a little bit shameful because, you know, I've been. I've been working so hard, you know, not to not to fall into this area.
Daniel Guerrero: And and so, you know, like, to me, it's kind of disturbing. You know, because I know that I know that I'm capable and and you know to
Daniel Guerrero: To stand my ground with this, you know, and I just a little bit of weakness. You know, so I need to overcome that, you know, weakness, and
Daniel Guerrero: I know I can do it. You know, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we look at it differently in it. Let's end today like this. What if we don't name call. What if we don't name called Daniel week. Do you mind if I do some some swear words for a second.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to offend you.
Daniel Guerrero: Know, of course not. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So instead of calling Daniel week
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell the addict to fuck off.
Gwenevere Abriel: You understand that's the one that wants. Hey baby, you know you're tired. Come on, take a little piece of pitching GOING TO KNOW THAT IS THE ONE GET BACK. You've got to have that inner dialogue inside your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how nasty. I am. You don't be nice to the addict inside
Gwenevere Abriel: It keeps the door cracked open
Gwenevere Abriel: Fight.
Shut up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one, the one that says, Come on, she ain't going to know next time. Don't tell her I wouldn't have to hear that stupid lecture right now. No, no, no, no, this one. Shut up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You only going to get me in a mess you to give me a rescue and I'll be back in on that life again. And then I can't be honest with my kids and I'm not, I'm not living right blah blah blah to shush, shush, shush, shush.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is that Wednesday. She said, do the next right thing and so I think what happened is it okay that I'm tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it is. I work really hard. It's okay. I'm human. Today I'm tired. Today I'm going to show the world. I can still show up. I can get this work done, I'll be a little tired. That's all I'm still lovable.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm still a good loving, man. I'm still a good father. I'm a good person. Just a little tire this addict flip on the bird.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see the difference.
Daniel Guerrero: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. We'll see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see how the inner dialogue sounds. This week, right, got the attic coming at you with doing the wrong thing. The self say and do the spiritual loving thing. Let me see how that inner dialogue works in your head, this week.
All right.
Daniel Guerrero: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will talk to you soon. Don't forget about closed Community College and those numbers you wrote down
Daniel Guerrero: That was getting a little to
Gwenevere Abriel: stop there for a second I thought
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah. Go right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh right, let's do it.
Daniel Guerrero: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Medication bridge to today. Should I be messaging anyone
Oh,
Daniel Guerrero: No, we're gonna make it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you in group.
Daniel Guerrero: All right. Thank you.
Daniel Guerrero: All right, bye.